we have obligation
how are we doing there is a solar plant
there in the ceará
this lack to speak up a model dog in the case of coal coal
vegetable on the note the sermon flourish coffee mineral coal are deposits of
group gas has a
- the holiday colony was concentrated are aimed at the most
rich in the world
05 cities due to high calorie content
abundance in the world for 300 years I gave up energy because of what
for the 300 years here will be sought the technological solution to make it
carbon neutral is not
he also did not rest here projects so can always search also
what is g1 what Brazil is looking for
but can be very happy fortunately
if you have thanks today to make you want to get accustomed to thermoelectric
with all the standards of nine years and efficient of generating income and
catch
the 15-minute particle but you can also deploy the phrase to create
a compensation
of these thermal relation now to what our humanity can not forget
which are the source 300 years time it is very cheap so we know
too easy
the finger itself to everyone that what is maestro wants to be more expensive is you
does not generate the megawatt because it is the best one dollar generated power generate 22 in the pib
regional
this expensive question if you do not have this energy right and we all here
We are dedicated to hiding electric power. The cell phone is in shooting.
is a fugitive
very cheap energy generation and technology has evolved in such a way that
you fear practicing and generating almost cast
you are born the old thermoelectric plants spit smoke particularly if
all environments and this does not happen anymore like I said when you
spends a little 2 billion
in the long term investment investment in this area is what happens